Cell phone
Magalie Marcellus: Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: Hi.
Martin’s iPhone: Sorry about being late. I'm hooking up the ceiling fan.
Martin’s iPhone: In this room here. And if I hit the light off and everything. And I'm like, Oh, I bet it's only like 630
Martin’s iPhone: Wow, okay. Sorry about that.
Magalie Marcellus: That's okay because I know normally you put on time. So I was wondering if those issue.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: I got user, go to the clinic.
Martin’s iPhone: Premium
Magalie Marcellus: A virtual clinic, that's fine. Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: Oh no no I yesterday because I got a new phone. My iPhone finally broke. So I had
Magalie Marcellus: A 250
Martin’s iPhone: The insurance to get it.
Martin’s iPhone: It transferred over all my contacts and stuff, but everything that I had on zoom it didn't transfer over so
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, sir. Man, because you have to log
Magalie Marcellus: On checking with them before you start any session so they can have the your calendar and everything else. So, so
Martin’s iPhone: Do you want me to go
Martin’s iPhone: Back off.
Magalie Marcellus: And let them know you shut up, but next time. Just make sure you do that. I know sometimes there's a delay with them as well, but you still need to do
Martin’s iPhone: Oh no, it wasn't anything like that. I just, I had
Martin’s iPhone: Your number. So I just dialed in.
Magalie Marcellus: Why
Magalie Marcellus: That they did for that should go to them. So right now.
Martin’s iPhone: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So has been the past two weeks.
Martin’s iPhone: Besides just having a lot of nightmares. So I'm pretty good.
Martin’s iPhone: At mass. Yeah, just over and over just nightmares. Hello. I was to
Martin’s iPhone: To put it there just horrible.
Magalie Marcellus: Is that, um, I mentioned last time you had a new medication that was
Martin’s iPhone: Well they switched me from the position to
Martin’s iPhone: Tramadol
Magalie Marcellus: Mm hmm.
Martin’s iPhone: So, I mean, I'm still experiencing the same amount, but I've only been on that for about a week and a half, two weeks. So hopefully something will change. If it doesn't, you're just gonna keep trying.
Martin’s iPhone: That works that does something
Martin’s iPhone: The only really
Martin’s iPhone: The only thing for night terrors, but help me get to sleep than to try to keep
Martin’s iPhone: Trying tries to Donna Tramadol tries it over to believe it's called
Martin’s iPhone: Check my phone.
Magalie Marcellus: And you say you have been on it for about a week and a half.
Martin’s iPhone: Um, I think, about two weeks now.
Martin’s iPhone: Trying to find it.
Martin’s iPhone: President
Martin’s iPhone: You know it's helping me get to sleep. I noticed that I do get the sweet sleep quicker but the intensity of the nightmares is same, if not worse. I'm just, I go to a sleep study tomorrow night. I started at eight o'clock so
Martin’s iPhone: I would post already have done it. But my insurance in kicking it by the tournament had the appointments so they had to reschedule me and it took them almost a month and put me
Martin’s iPhone: On tomorrow.
Magalie Marcellus: So I did some nice, that is, it's the nighttime is less
Magalie Marcellus: Either intense or
Martin’s iPhone: Is it the
Magalie Marcellus: Same every night.
Martin’s iPhone: Um, no, it's not the same every night, but the feeling I get this feeling, while I'm in it.
Martin’s iPhone: It's just a very, very, very sad.
Martin’s iPhone: Feeling the feeling is always there. It's always some something of fear.
Martin’s iPhone: Insecurity
Martin’s iPhone: Where I have to build my courage, up to stop something or to fight something and it could be anything from a bear to, uh, to another person to dragons to just being in a situation where I'm drowning or jumping off the cliffs.
Martin’s iPhone: Trying to stop a car.
Martin’s iPhone: From rolling off a hill or hurting somebody just stopping fights and
Martin’s iPhone: A lot of them have happened since the fire.
Martin’s iPhone: And
Uh huh.
Martin’s iPhone: I've had a few of them not, you know, and I've been trying to block, trying to remember them. The last few days, just because I don't want to like reaction reaction.
Magalie Marcellus: So we leave them. Yeah, I'm not. Do you notice any different in terms of what might be going in during a day that may
Magalie Marcellus: Bring them on more or
Martin’s iPhone: I think because I'm sober. Now I have spent the last
Martin’s iPhone: Almost 30 years 25 years high
Martin’s iPhone: And now that I'm you know facing everything. There's just a lot of pressure on me to try to everything was ketchup. Ketchup ketchup, you know, from my bills to my relationships to my
Martin’s iPhone: Getting a job to paying child support everything was just all, I think that might have something to do with it, know that I'm just all my
Martin’s iPhone: synapses are firing or something, I don't know, nothing's being blocked anymore. I know like cake Suboxone but
Martin’s iPhone: I'll tell you, I am so grateful that I got that, you know, they don't have to take any opioids or anything. Now there is a moccasin is similar to that, but it's
Martin’s iPhone: It's definitely there's something else to it because I don't crave getting high anymore. And a lot of that to go to the fire and you know everything there, you know, not being aware of my surroundings and letting my garden.
Magalie Marcellus: Being around so did so doing the
Magalie Marcellus: Way you
Magalie Marcellus: Were you using at that time or
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah yeah
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I had a relapse. Old Spice, and I was smoking. I had been smoking weed up until almost five months ago, four months ago.
Martin’s iPhone: A little over four months now, because
Martin’s iPhone: I thought it was helping
Martin’s iPhone: And in a lot of ways, it did help. But in a lot of ways, it just created more people around me that were negative,
Martin’s iPhone: Another thing to get high on, you know, I didn't really get hide, though, I just, you know, the first one, one or two times I did. And then after that it was almost like back to the old you know just smoking, just to smoke.
Martin’s iPhone: Uh huh. Sometimes I go high, and sometimes I just, I didn't smoke near as much as I used to have a couple of hits off joint here and there and
Martin’s iPhone: Uh huh. But it just end up being another crutch, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: Smoking
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: And I'm
Magalie Marcellus: Just trying to you know if there's a pattern in terms of Windows happened goes up kind of the night terrors, um, you know what, maybe
Magalie Marcellus: Some other underlying causes five
Martin’s iPhone: I will say that when I was getting high all the time. I don't remember how many of my dreams.
You know,
Magalie Marcellus: Because you have a clear mind that
Magalie Marcellus: Now you tense. We call this
Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah I did have a few nightmares here and there.
Martin’s iPhone: But nothing like this.
Martin’s iPhone: Nothing like this at all.
Martin’s iPhone: And I've had them all throughout my life but seems like when I quit. You know, I'm sober that it just comes on.
Martin’s iPhone: So, I mean, maybe there was a benefit to smoking weed, but
Magalie Marcellus: I just don't want, but then say other consequences.
Martin’s iPhone: So, yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: Maybe I should try as
Martin’s iPhone: Well, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Maybe you should try to want
Martin’s iPhone: To take CBD oil and everybody's talking about that.
Magalie Marcellus: That will be something a conversation to have with medical staff and see what it's something that can really be effective as with the treatment actually
Magalie Marcellus: I'm getting
Magalie Marcellus: So it's now during those windows terrorists occurred. So when you wake up. How do you wake up is Danny. Do you feel like
Magalie Marcellus: Any Screaming Are you breathing.
Martin’s iPhone: Or expounding crying.
Magalie Marcellus: Do other people will notice that
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, you
Magalie Marcellus: Know it is
Magalie Marcellus: And then you will have fully or do you go back to sleep right away.
Martin’s iPhone: Sometimes I do, I'm just getting so used to knowing that they are nightmarish now.
Martin’s iPhone: The last real bad were no i had i was
Martin’s iPhone: I was choking. Some guy some guy was trying to hurt me. And so I got on top of them. And I was behind him and I was trying to break his neck or
Something
Martin’s iPhone: And in my dream. I woke up.
Martin’s iPhone: And I was in my dream.
Martin’s iPhone: I was choking Michelle.
Martin’s iPhone: So then I woke up, I woke up for real. And I just started crying and I didn't get the response from her that I thought that she was going to be like, you know, it's okay, she was mad. She's like, Don't you ever do that. I'm like,
I would never do.
Magalie Marcellus: This you realize us. Um, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: We've been out of time. Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: But it really upset her because she thinks
Martin’s iPhone: Know that
Martin’s iPhone: That could happen, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: Again, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Which, you know, could be understandable because she's not show windows would have occurred, and it can be, they can potentially be valid and
Magalie Marcellus: As well so
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: And I have you discussed this with medical doctor besides with middle Dr. James I know you said you have the Cincinnati. So, is that why they
Carry on here.
Magalie Marcellus: And you've been dealing with Apple how long ago.
Martin’s iPhone: Since I was 11 or 12
Martin’s iPhone: And maybe a little earlier. And although I've slept walked
Martin’s iPhone: It's been a long time since I remember doing that, but I used to sleep walk when I was a kid to
Martin’s iPhone: Me and a lot of new
Martin’s iPhone: They don't seem like nightmares. But they feel like it's weird.
Martin’s iPhone: Just
Martin’s iPhone: Well, they are neighbors. I mean, like, one when I was a kid I puts us we were playing with the dryer and I put my little brother in the dryer and I couldn't get them out and I woke up thinking that I've still
Martin’s iPhone: Trying to get my brother out of the dryer and it pulled my dad out to yard and that was when I finally woke up and realize that I was out in the yard and my brothers were laughing and my dad was trying to figure out what the heck was going on.
Martin’s iPhone: And I just kept crying and I went upstairs and fell back asleep, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: But they saw you outside
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, I was sleep when you're outside
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, I just wasn't. I don't know if I was sleepwalking or if I was just in a trance state thing and another time I tried to climb. My brother's dresser. Actually, I did I was I was climbing it or something and
Martin’s iPhone: My brother was woke me up while I was on the dress, you're in this. What are you doing, nice. I'm trying to get to the peanut butter and
Martin’s iPhone: You know, there was no peanut butter there, but my dream.
Martin’s iPhone: But when I came to realize what I was doing. I was very, very upset.
Magalie Marcellus: Upset
Magalie Marcellus: At what what made you upset.
Martin’s iPhone: That I was sleepwalking in that I was not reality, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: So how do you, how are you able to keep yourself safe if this is happening so often.
Magalie Marcellus: Do people around you. Are there any type of
Martin’s iPhone: Clothes asleep safety.
Magalie Marcellus: Safety Measures. Yeah, things like that.
Magalie Marcellus: But sometimes you may need some alarm and things like that.
Martin’s iPhone: Well asleep, often hasn't really occurred since I was younger, maybe like your tea or something.
Martin’s iPhone: A few times I woke up.
Martin’s iPhone: Trying to go to the bathroom and somebody else's room.
Martin’s iPhone: I don't think I actually went to the bathroom. But I remember my cousin Mary's Martin. What are you doing, she was living in the room across from me.
Martin’s iPhone: And I was over.
Martin’s iPhone: The edge of her bed like bare feet, trying to pee.
Martin’s iPhone: And that one wasn't really scary. I just said, Oh, I'm sorry. I was embarrassed, you know, but
Magalie Marcellus: Uh huh.
Martin’s iPhone: I went back to my room, but I don't remember if I went back to sleep, or if I stayed up or
Martin’s iPhone: So far I've never been hurt. Hurt.
Martin’s iPhone: I've woken up with some bumps and bruises and things, but
Martin’s iPhone: No.
Martin’s iPhone: Injuries, like, you know, from that.
Magalie Marcellus: And will you ever discipline because of what happened on the way your parents or whoever your caretaker were supportive or try to help you to
Magalie Marcellus: You know, manage the sleep work better when we were little.
Martin’s iPhone: I wasn't punished for anything like that. But after I got mad at my brothers, we get in a fight, and then I'd end up getting in trouble. And I get beat or something but
Martin’s iPhone: Nothing. Nothing punishment because of the sleepwalking.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, and enjoy path at a time I see you soon safety plans in place. So keep you
Magalie Marcellus: Know, so you wouldn't get hiding
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: But did they realize it was an issue at a time.
Martin’s iPhone: He did. But my dad was. He was a heavy drinker and my mom. She wasn't around so
Magalie Marcellus: So,
Magalie Marcellus: Oh,
You know,
Magalie Marcellus: I'm sorry.
Martin’s iPhone: I pretty much have been taken care of myself, since I was very little.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: Or me and my brothers and
Martin’s iPhone: Sisters, we were just kind of like set set off the room, so to say, we just did what we learned and
Magalie Marcellus: Take care of yourself.
Magalie Marcellus: You the young guys or me.
Magalie Marcellus: Where were you in the order
Martin’s iPhone: Well, when I was
Martin’s iPhone: Six months old. My mom got divorced from my dad moved us from California to New Hampshire well from from California to Massachusetts, New Hampshire.
Martin’s iPhone: Then when I was 11 I went to live with my real dad in Connecticut. And then I moved to Ohio. When I was 1312 or 13 and then stayed here in Ohio.
Martin’s iPhone: And
Martin’s iPhone: When I came here. My grandma.
Martin’s iPhone: Was the one that really like tried to keep us in line and my dad.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So,
Martin’s iPhone: What was restarted the authority. I wasn't used to their regimen. I wasn't used to the routine.
Magalie Marcellus: Let's talk shows and stuff. But when you move. When did you have all the submissions with you as well.
Martin’s iPhone: No, I had eight brothers and sisters, and then what was one of my sisters didn't live with us. She lived in Connecticut.
Martin’s iPhone: And when I was 11. I mean, my brother Jason left brother Clifford.
Martin’s iPhone: We which live with my real dad and my sister out here is my sister.
Magalie Marcellus: Older than you.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, it was younger than me and then clipper and Jason more
Martin’s iPhone: Well, two years apart.
Martin’s iPhone: My sister Emily, she was the oldest she went to go live with a foster family back when, when I was like nine or 10
Or 11
Magalie Marcellus: I'll foster family that the family decided, oh no. Is it because of
Martin’s iPhone: She was and she basically she was right around 16 1516 and she was getting ready to declare emancipation.
Martin’s iPhone: And
Martin’s iPhone: She didn't want to be around my mom anymore. My mom was all
And my stepfather.
Martin’s iPhone: He owned a chain of bakeries, and
Martin’s iPhone: He just wasn't around, you know,
Martin’s iPhone: And when he was there was a lot of abuse.
Magalie Marcellus: But he did you be away.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So it wasn't the state coming in to say okay she needs to
Magalie Marcellus: Be in a foster home but is sure that he wanted to make that decision.
Magalie Marcellus: I think about the home.
Martin’s iPhone: I think it was like little combination of both.
Magalie Marcellus: But then you guys. You mean
Magalie Marcellus: Well, your mom within we do it at the time you switch your dad.
Magalie Marcellus: Sister mom when that one would just listen.
Martin’s iPhone: And my mom, she got sober. When I was 16
Martin’s iPhone: And she had
Martin’s iPhone: A
Magalie Marcellus: Guy was saying.
Martin’s iPhone: She actually helped helped me when I lost custody of my kids.
Magalie Marcellus: She got us
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so as a relationship with them.
Martin’s iPhone: I don't talk to her.
Martin’s iPhone: During that time, because during that time she
Martin’s iPhone: She knew I was smoking weed and she told him, and she will she basically wanted to my kids, you know, she wanted to try to repair the past and show and keep them away from me. That's what she did.
Magalie Marcellus: This yeah for custody of them.
Martin’s iPhone: Dairy Tino hmm
Magalie Marcellus: So at the time. He didn't have any visitation. She was the primary caretaker.
Martin’s iPhone: When I was 850 miles away. And I was on drugs, all the time. Most of it was my fault. I could go on and seeing them in and I did a few times but uh
Magalie Marcellus: Huh.
Martin’s iPhone: I talked to him now, but we're, we're pretty distant, why don't you know I don't talk to my mom. No, I just
Martin’s iPhone: I know what she did so.
Magalie Marcellus: She ever reach out to you try to manage that relationship know
Magalie Marcellus: Would they be anytime that at some point you will try to consider.
Magalie Marcellus: I sent him a relationship.
Martin’s iPhone: I sent her a Facebook message saying Merry Christmas, and she didn't answer back so
Magalie Marcellus: And she's
Martin’s iPhone: Four years ago, something like that.
Martin’s iPhone: She acted like she wanted to, you know, she cared and stuff. And I think it was more or less just to get information.
Martin’s iPhone: So I don't talk to her anymore. I don't, I don't want to give her any information about my life.
Martin’s iPhone: But she's open to message me on Facebook or something, and she never does. So
We're just completely
Magalie Marcellus: You mentioned that your children. The young adult. So do they still with your Mommy Daddy.
Martin’s iPhone: My son, Noah, I believe, is stolen.
Martin’s iPhone: My mom's house as if you know a couple months ago, he still was so he might be there for a little bit longer need might move out. I don't know, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: So even with the kids. You have you made attempts to reach out to them. Oh.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, every, every month I'm
Martin’s iPhone: At minimum, every month.
Martin’s iPhone: If not every other week if not every week, I'll say
Martin’s iPhone: Hey, how are things going everything and sometimes like my son thank me for Christmas presents and my daughter Madison says hi to me a little bit.
Martin’s iPhone: My daughter autumn lives in Michigan with my Aubrey and Michael Marty. She's the youngest
Martin’s iPhone: Aside from the one that got adopted out she's the one that get adopted out. She doesn't talk to me. She doesn't know me or anything so
Martin’s iPhone: I'm the autumn, we know I went sour last Thanksgiving, not lasting give me but the Thanksgiving before
Martin’s iPhone: And
Magalie Marcellus: That's she's which aren't you said
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So how long did those children. How long did they switch among
Martin’s iPhone: The time they were a year and a half, two years old.
Magalie Marcellus: So do a pretty young. So she's had them for quite a while. Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: Back then, I was doing coke acid heroin heroin, but everything but heroin, pretty much.
Magalie Marcellus: At the time,
Magalie Marcellus: Was there some
Magalie Marcellus: Attempts to for you to
Magalie Marcellus: Make changes in your life, try to
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, but I wasn't Salva
Martin’s iPhone: I won $5,000 on a lottery ticket when they were really little, and
Martin’s iPhone: HOOKED ON COKE real bad and
Martin’s iPhone: I i'm not blaming my mom for everything that I she just she really didn't try to help at all. She just she was content with keeping them and getting the child support Malian
Martin’s iPhone: Had new kids to raise you know cuz she abandoned us through your little one.
Martin’s iPhone: Says,
Magalie Marcellus: She's a Johnny cab, you're one of the sisters
Magalie Marcellus: For ended up going to cause a family eventually
Magalie Marcellus: Anyways, okay with
Martin’s iPhone: Any of you.
Magalie Marcellus: Know, because I know you mentioned there was a one of the sister that she kept and eventually, that's the
Martin’s iPhone: Know, she's back when, when I was 1110 or 11
Martin’s iPhone: The reason we went to go live with my dad is because my mom ran off.
Martin’s iPhone: My father with us. And so my step father raised
Martin’s iPhone: My younger siblings and my dad raised me and my brother, my whole brothers and sisters, my family. She, she came back to live with us when I was around 16 for years. So, and then she got married to a guy who went in the army and then they went through.
Magalie Marcellus: All kinds of
Magalie Marcellus: Obvious siblings paid
Magalie Marcellus: Which are mom.
Magalie Marcellus: Know for a long period of time on this. You ever have our younger kids after you. That's the cat after she went off the shelf. No kids.
Martin’s iPhone: No, she just use jazzy believe Peter and Danny.
Martin’s iPhone: They bounced around a little bit between my step father and her, but it wasn't till when I was 16 my 16th birthday. Me and my brother Danny went there to stay. The summer.
Martin’s iPhone: And my mom.
Martin’s iPhone: Was wasted didn't know we were so we went back to my stepfather's place.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Martin’s iPhone: So I bounced around a little bit from my stepfather's back to my dad's my younger years
Magalie Marcellus: I had this, you end up with your kids have ever had his share with them.
Martin’s iPhone: Because I went to live in Maine.
Martin’s iPhone: Medical here in Ohio that live on her mom lived an hour away from my mom in Maine.
Martin’s iPhone: In at that time.
Martin’s iPhone: Was talking to my mom and stuff. And we went up there to live. And that's when we had the kids.
Martin’s iPhone: And that's when my mom.
Martin’s iPhone: I, I knew that my me and my girlfriend broke up and she had customer she we had joint custody. But I went to stay with my mom and she went to stay with
Martin’s iPhone: her new boyfriend and I knew something was really wrong. I called the state to do offer a check in, they found both the kids in a playpen soil diapers and bleach all over the floor not cleaned up around their pen.
Martin’s iPhone: Paraphernalia everywhere. So I GOT CUSTODY OF THE KIDS, but because I had a restraining order on my girlfriend, because I punched a bunch of holes in the walls at the apartment complex, she was in
Martin’s iPhone: At that time she was trying to get me for domestic burns, which they dropped BECAUSE SHE FAKED putting a cast on and things. It was just the margin BS and
Martin’s iPhone: But because that was still active in the state of Maine. You can't be in the same house. What is it good. So I moved out city they could move down into my mom's house.
Martin’s iPhone: I met
Martin’s iPhone: I met a new girl, which I had autumn was and
Martin’s iPhone: I bought for custody and then one day the state came, it was right before I was getting home visitations
Martin’s iPhone: The state came in and they said, well, we need to drug drug test you because your mom says you're doing coke and weed and it was right when I left money on them and
Martin’s iPhone: They told me I couldn't have home visits, I'd start over from scratch. And I just got impressive.
Martin’s iPhone: Trying to worry about. And so I went back to Ohio and to get the relationship with my son door. Let's set fire in my house.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, well, there's a lot of history there so
Magalie Marcellus: The initial Gulf and Western in the one with the tool that kids.
Magalie Marcellus: My mother told me. So, this you ever go back or what she did, she ever get herself together to try to get the kids are the she just left the kids are
Martin’s iPhone: Just live she ended up going down to New York and she got married and she comes up every once awhile to see the kids, but
doesn't really have
Magalie Marcellus: A relationship with them.
Magalie Marcellus: And at the time when you
Martin’s iPhone: Went with
Magalie Marcellus: Items mom.
Magalie Marcellus: Why are you so what made you move from Maine.
Magalie Marcellus: To move to Ohio. So saying they're getting things together to go back
Martin’s iPhone: And Mila. I'm sorry, my son, Bryce.
Magalie Marcellus: Bryce So
Magalie Marcellus: I know I'm trying to keep the order. So, Bryce was the third child it
Martin’s iPhone: Was my first job.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. So you went back for with the older. Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: When I left her main I didn't know that I get a girl pregnant and
Magalie Marcellus: I see.
Martin’s iPhone: I came back for his first birth and state for about a year and then I moved back
Martin’s iPhone: To try to you know get everything figured out at that time I had my kids.
Martin’s iPhone: About a year and a half. One was a year and a half old one was
Martin’s iPhone: Two and a half.
Martin’s iPhone: When I was done like yeah
Magalie Marcellus: Then you went back. What made you decide
Magalie Marcellus: To Bryce, Bryce.
Martin’s iPhone: Wanting to be in his life.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm trying to understand because it's still have those tools that was still there. You trying to work things out.
Martin’s iPhone: Part of it was we we were living in Maine. And we just weren't making it and we wanted to go back
Martin’s iPhone: To
Martin’s iPhone: My dad for a little bit and get on my feet.
Martin’s iPhone: To get my son.
Martin’s iPhone: To have him in my life.
Magalie Marcellus: And did you feel that that would be the easiest
Magalie Marcellus: The easiest sell to be involved in is like them because the other two. Since there was that issue with the substance. So what made you made that transition faster than saying, Okay, let me work on getting those two
Yeah, I'm
Magalie Marcellus: Just trying to, you know, to see what was the but
Martin’s iPhone: I've gotten this I have done this conversation with so many counselors and everything. It's just
Martin’s iPhone: Uh huh, just depressing.
Magalie Marcellus: Or sometime mean
Magalie Marcellus: I'm sorry, you have to work with me.
Magalie Marcellus: Sometimes we made the decision in life. You know, there's always consequences with decision that we made. But at the time, sure, there was the thought that that was the best thing that was really
Martin’s iPhone: Very true, that I did not put anybody. First, I put my drugs.
Martin’s iPhone: And so a lot of the decisions I made were based on whether or not I was broke
Martin’s iPhone: I did want to be in a good life. I'm not saying that I didn't and I fought for custody and i i got pretty far and then discuss shot down because I couldn't stop the drugs.
Magalie Marcellus: And when it comes to brace that your relationship with mmm cool when you came in, or did things kind of fall apart when you
Martin’s iPhone: Know everything was fine up until he said mouse over
Magalie Marcellus: So what what blood that was
Magalie Marcellus: Math. I am, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: How was he doing
Martin’s iPhone: He's 19 he did this for months ago.
Magalie Marcellus: So he was part of the reason this happen, you know, fire.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: And then his buddy who was also my buddy Leroy who's little bit younger than me.
Martin’s iPhone: A made a plan to get stuff out of my house while I wasn't there. I came home early. And in order for him to cover up what he did.
Martin’s iPhone: He, he got in contact with my son to try to get me out of the house again because they were both trying to rob me
Martin’s iPhone: And I did you find out about
Magalie Marcellus: That
Magalie Marcellus: I could you make that connection.
Martin’s iPhone: I just connected it all together again was until I got sober and really started thinking about it, that there were items that I never found in there that we never found.
Martin’s iPhone: To getting back to it. Yeah. And I remember my son messaging me a dead when you come over
Martin’s iPhone: How much longer to you here and then why was there. He kept trying to stall me and Scott
Martin’s iPhone: And in between that time.
Martin’s iPhone: His buddy Leroy, who's also my buddy who lived a couple blocks away from me. He took my ladder. Mm hmm right tools and everything and
Martin’s iPhone: In order to cover everything up. He said, My house on fire.
Magalie Marcellus: So I said that they were trying to wrap some stuff on the house. Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: I was growing pot and about 40 plants and
Martin’s iPhone: I kept it locked up really good and they couldn't get into it. So they
Martin’s iPhone: Along with the plants, they wanted
Martin’s iPhone: Everything else
Martin’s iPhone: So they took a ladder. They took my electric snowblower my electric battery operated weed years
Martin’s iPhone: When chainsaw like this stuff. I didn't find
Martin’s iPhone: It. I thought I'd just like disintegrated. Because what I don't know how he said it the fire so good, but he really
Martin’s iPhone: Made to burn up quick and a lot of things got multi to the point of no recognition, but there would have been some kind of leftover pieces of them, and there was nothing.
Martin’s iPhone: I didn't gather till after I was allowed back in the house after the investigation.
Magalie Marcellus: So did you
Magalie Marcellus: Find out what happened like with
Magalie Marcellus: The fire people do the investigation of
Magalie Marcellus: What
Martin’s iPhone: We told him every
Magalie Marcellus: Time you told him I told him in a row.
Martin’s iPhone: They're gonna do anything about it or third
Magalie Marcellus: Time. There's nothing I can do.
Magalie Marcellus: You know, have you
Magalie Marcellus: Had any contact with just one sentence happen.
Martin’s iPhone: Sure about a month afterwards because he was really eager to help us and to try to
Martin’s iPhone: Serve as Leroy and that's how we kind of piece it all together one day Leroy.
Martin’s iPhone: I heard him over the phone, threatening to kick my ass. I came over again, which
Martin’s iPhone: No over to their place.
Martin’s iPhone: And it was because he's pretty I'm pretty sure he knows that I saw something of mine, there
Magalie Marcellus: At his hotel rooms.
Martin’s iPhone: So this is a scare tactic try scare me off, not to come back.
Magalie Marcellus: So was bridesmaid now.
Martin’s iPhone: What does it say, Well, they're both in town, and I've seen both
Martin’s iPhone: And both of them act like nothing happened.
Martin’s iPhone: There was, like, I don't know why you thought it was mad at you know it's just they're pulling the wool over my eyes and
Martin’s iPhone: It's all I can do. Not to to get revenge.
Martin’s iPhone: Right.
Magalie Marcellus: Because I know you see these important swelling, you
Martin’s iPhone: Just make these guys have
Magalie Marcellus: Any event, right, because that's going to create additional issues for you.
Martin’s iPhone: Is what they that's what they they bet on
Magalie Marcellus: So, so what are you doing so you don't act out on the way you felt was that, you know, obviously, there's some betrayal and you know choice, essentially, that's a fun plan.
Magalie Marcellus: Around I
Martin’s iPhone: Never. I never going around them again.
Magalie Marcellus: All time I'll stay away from them.
Martin’s iPhone: They're out there like
Magalie Marcellus: Any fuel to
Magalie Marcellus: Do you do. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Uh huh.
Martin’s iPhone: My son's like the same little boy he used to be.
Magalie Marcellus: Once I just thought, notice and his behavior.
Magalie Marcellus: So many
Me.
Martin’s iPhone: Well, when he was like 15 or 16 he started getting into trouble smoking weed.
Martin’s iPhone: And drugs and he started bragging to me about all the drugs. He's done and all the things he's done that I started hearing people around town say that right said rob them and gun things to their daughters and things like that and
Martin’s iPhone: I confronted him about it and it just push them away.
Martin’s iPhone: He swore up and down. He wasn't doing it. They stopped talking to me. And so I tried to
Martin’s iPhone: You know,
Martin’s iPhone: Let him know that that wasn't going to stop me, being from loving them and everything, but then when he did this to me, I just realized every now.
Martin’s iPhone: There's, there's no good, man. I can't
Martin’s iPhone: I can't be around it anymore.
Magalie Marcellus: And at the time, was a span in your house or was it just visiting
Martin’s iPhone: Just visiting
Martin’s iPhone: He wanted to read nothing and shocked. And when I moved in with my girlfriend and I told him.
Martin’s iPhone: Because I knew he would abide by the rules, he was gonna
Martin’s iPhone: I didn't want to turn it into a blog posts.
Martin’s iPhone: And he's a ranking or how would you like
Martin’s iPhone: A guess he's working now.
Martin’s iPhone: That's gonna last, I don't know whether it's even true or not.
Uh huh.
Martin’s iPhone: He wants to be a mafia. Remember, he wants to be part of a drug raid and enjoys
Martin’s iPhone: couching how bad to the bone. He thinks he is and everything.
Martin’s iPhone: We got into a fistfight a couple months before that happened and
Martin’s iPhone: I pretty much putting into this place, and I think that's why he didn't want us to leave.
Magalie Marcellus: And he does he have any legal cases going on.
Magalie Marcellus: In the past, when you see what
Martin’s iPhone: I'm when he stayed with me every time that I tried to keep them in the house and stop them from smoking cigarettes out in the neighbors trees and things like that he would get upset and say I want to call my mom or I want to call my grandpa and they would come pick them up.
Magalie Marcellus: And they did.
It did.
Magalie Marcellus: His mom is in Ohio. So
Martin’s iPhone: His mom lives 15 minutes for me.
Magalie Marcellus: They have any
Martin’s iPhone: He owns his mom and his grandpa a bar in town called to train club.
Martin’s iPhone: I know where he was pretty much raised
Magalie Marcellus: In the bar.
Magalie Marcellus: Late night is an adult. So whatever decision he makes yeah so pasted so hopefully can
Magalie Marcellus: We
Martin’s iPhone: Will be 20 and
Martin’s iPhone: 10 days.
On
Magalie Marcellus: One and now
Magalie Marcellus: He has to start making those better decision to have
Magalie Marcellus: For for his life to get back on the right track because nobody can make those decisions.
Martin’s iPhone: Is not going to mentor, he did, and he's not color.
Martin’s iPhone: I hope he does change but right now I don't see the change
Magalie Marcellus: So he wants to come to you and
Magalie Marcellus: You know, apologize, or just come because he wants to have a relationship with Joe, what would be your response.
Martin’s iPhone: I don't know.
Martin’s iPhone: I don't know if I can trust you.
Martin’s iPhone: They will have to go from my house to my door backup to somebody that's just going to try to find another way to get
Martin’s iPhone: He killed through my cats.
Martin’s iPhone: Tree. He almost code my dogs. If I wasn't home.
Martin’s iPhone: Like dogs. That's $30,000 worth of stuff gone
Martin’s iPhone: Not to mention, you know, everything else and granted wasn't very relatively to be
Martin’s iPhone: Growing things
Martin’s iPhone: And another thing tues after the fire.
Martin’s iPhone: One of them went inside and took whatever was left over there was
Magalie Marcellus: A fire was
Magalie Marcellus: Put out. Wow.
Magalie Marcellus: See even get a chance to collect, whatever. Now, is that what you put on us.
Martin’s iPhone: Well, the thing was is I talked to the fire marshal and stuff and they weren't really worried about that because
Martin’s iPhone: They could tell that the fire wasn't started there, you know, that was the only real concerned and he said he wasn't sure the police department wanting to find any charges against me and they haven't said anything to me.
Martin’s iPhone: That's still up near then then when they finally unlock the door and I go in. There's nothing left of them. So I don't know what
Martin’s iPhone: They thought they were going to do with them. I would assume they were dead, but
Martin’s iPhone: They kicked a hole in the wall and went through went in there and took whatever they could
Magalie Marcellus: I mean, the fire department.
Martin’s iPhone: Know,
Magalie Marcellus: When they went to India or the people that went back in the house.
Martin’s iPhone: The people that went back in the house.
Magalie Marcellus: They really somebody who knows something within that circle back
Martin’s iPhone: It was Leroy and Bryce
Martin’s iPhone: The only two people that knew I was leaving the only two people that knew exactly when I will would be, it wouldn't be there. The only two people that were sick that we're safe around my dogs.
Martin’s iPhone: Without me being home.
It was
Martin’s iPhone: Like you tell just based on how I mean had to sober up to really realize it and
Martin’s iPhone: There is a few rumors going around town that they were bragging about it.
Magalie Marcellus: So how did your girlfriend about all that going on since it was that was yes. How
Martin’s iPhone: She blames me and the drugs.
Martin’s iPhone: And I bought a shotgun.
Martin’s iPhone: I keep it.
Magalie Marcellus: Nice and happy.
Martin’s iPhone: About it, about a week ago.
Magalie Marcellus: I had weapons before
Martin’s iPhone: I bone guns before
Martin’s iPhone: Nothing, nothing like that. I've actually went out and bought through a store, but I bought I bought a couple of
Magalie Marcellus: So what makes you feel that you need to have a weapon right now.
Martin’s iPhone: Because of the drugs and everything going around.
Martin’s iPhone: With methamphetamine and
Martin’s iPhone: People who are really bold and willing to do home invasions.
Magalie Marcellus: To get with Tonka
Magalie Marcellus: So you concerned that the impossible home invasion.
Martin’s iPhone: As I'm concerned that they're going to retaliate.
Martin’s iPhone: Because I told Fire Marshal and i i don't know if the fire marshal is talk to them or not.
Martin’s iPhone: And
Martin’s iPhone: refine my family. I want to be protective.
Martin’s iPhone: I keep the boats are it up here at five, the gun and
Martin’s iPhone: It stays loaded, but it's not. There's not one in the chamber stays loaded beside my bed.
Magalie Marcellus: And you don't have any
Magalie Marcellus: We don't find anybody else things or children in the household. Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah. Her son Bryce is here.
Martin’s iPhone: You know, we have two prices. Yes.
Martin’s iPhone: Okay, he's here three or four days a week.
Martin’s iPhone: He's only not here when she goes to work overnight so we don't have to worry about getting them to school.
Martin’s iPhone: We have about about 30 $500 saved up right now for the front of their vehicle, but we're gonna wait
Martin’s iPhone: Till you are
Magalie Marcellus: Just
Martin’s iPhone: I just bought $650 worth of parts for my car.
Magalie Marcellus: Which one, the shock.
Martin’s iPhone: The HR to the red one that I have
Magalie Marcellus: Oh,
Martin’s iPhone: It's only vehicle we operate. So trying to keep it.
Magalie Marcellus: Why are you buying this so much for six months and
Martin’s iPhone: I'm actually all together, it's cost about $900 in the last four months.
Martin’s iPhone: Everything just start going wrong London and the warranty.
Magalie Marcellus: Come on, you're paying on. Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: The warranty only covers parts, it doesn't. I mean, it only covers labor.
Martin’s iPhone: Except for like entering in the motor and things
Martin’s iPhone: Access to all the shocks.
Martin’s iPhone: Or struts, the ball joints to tie rod ends.
Martin’s iPhone: brake calipers the rotors varying saw that's on me unless I want a breath to them and have them fix it. But every time I bring it to them. They keep it for three or four days to a week.
Martin’s iPhone: And and they don't even fix what's wrong with it so
Martin’s iPhone: They're just trying to
Martin’s iPhone: Just trying to screw me up.
Martin’s iPhone: So I exit or
Magalie Marcellus: Even though you have the warning system.
Magalie Marcellus: Just to watch at the door because it hasn't transportation. But in the meantime, I'll
Magalie Marcellus: Run back with the
Weapon.
Magalie Marcellus: I know people, a lot of people feel safer when they have this. Should we visit any type of
Magalie Marcellus: Concerns in a neighborhood where people can try to get into your home. So my hope is that you won't have to be in a situation where
Magalie Marcellus: Anybody have to use a weapon.
Magalie Marcellus: But
Martin’s iPhone: I hope that, too. But the day that somebody comes to my door trying to hurt me. I want to be ready.
Magalie Marcellus: And how does the government feels about it because I know sometimes couples and
Martin’s iPhone: I will. She's a little bit hesitant on it, but she wants to go out and use the guns retired practice you like shooting guns.
Martin’s iPhone: She should she likes she likes the idea of doing it for sport and
Martin’s iPhone: I want for deer to
Martin’s iPhone: Deer and rabbit. I want to go red deer hunting next year so
Magalie Marcellus: I bought it for a living.
Magalie Marcellus: And safekeeping away from
Magalie Marcellus: The
Magalie Marcellus: Sun as well. And that's how
Martin’s iPhone: He knows how to use it. And if he needs to use it to defend himself. I want to make sure he knows where it's at. And what to do.
Martin’s iPhone: He's not on drugs. He's is doing snuff. I know that, but
Magalie Marcellus: He's in Beijing, so how again.
Martin’s iPhone: 16 almost 70
Magalie Marcellus: I don't know where that stands since you so I'm I know but
Magalie Marcellus: That
Magalie Marcellus: Is not to
Magalie Marcellus: You know he doesn't
Magalie Marcellus: Have access on us as adults president. If you guys
Magalie Marcellus: Don't go out into target practice this kind of stuff.
Martin’s iPhone: Oh yeah, he shot several different types of guns and enter for a long time, but he's not interested in it.
Martin’s iPhone: It's not something they would just pick up and try to use
Martin’s iPhone: My
Magalie Marcellus: We still want it to be in a safe keeping that he can't just have access
Magalie Marcellus: To Yes, really.
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, it's complete access to it. If
Martin’s iPhone: There's if there's somebody trying to bring up the house I want him so you'll be okay with him. Shouldn't someone
Magalie Marcellus: And somebody will come to your house.
Martin’s iPhone: What if they're going to kill him.
Magalie Marcellus: I hear what you're saying, but I'm me so
Magalie Marcellus: I sound like
Magalie Marcellus: A child.
Magalie Marcellus: Right.
Martin’s iPhone: Well, I don't want, I hope that never happens.
Martin’s iPhone: But I don't want to walk into my house and have my son dead because I didn't show more the gun was
Martin’s iPhone: You know, it's a tough one. I know. I mean, there's parts of me that don't want look I kept it locked and loaded for a couple days and then thought was that if I'm not here, and somebody tries to break into this house and he does not know how to defend him so
Martin’s iPhone: That they're gonna try to kill them to get away with whatever they're doing
A nice
Magalie Marcellus: And in the
Magalie Marcellus: In the, the other way I would think, Okay, if this special concerns that maybe they mean you know somebody make book breaking through the house.
Magalie Marcellus: My other thought we say because he's still a minor cuz that's a lot to have on a minor. Yes, he knows it's there, you know, that's but if there's a way that somebody may come in the house. I wouldn't want him to be there without another adult there. That's the other thinking to
Magalie Marcellus: Do a
Magalie Marcellus: Safe
Martin’s iPhone: home invasions.
Martin’s iPhone: Once a week at least.
Magalie Marcellus: So that's a lot that's I'm saying, so I have you see there is a concern. So then if there's a possibility or I know everybody's busy his mom had things going, not to leave. And then, then you would be by himself. If something were to happen well
Magalie Marcellus: I know
Martin’s iPhone: right about that. You're right about that. We don't hardly ever leave here so
Martin’s iPhone: Mm hmm. But if he ever has to be here by himself.
Martin’s iPhone: Um, there's a baseball bat. There's a machete and there's a gun.
Martin’s iPhone: And if somebody is trying to come in here and do harm to them and I come home and he was not able to defend himself because I decided that he couldn't have access to the gun.
Martin’s iPhone: I it's on. It's on my conscience, you know, he would never pick up the gun and randomly try to shoot anything he's not the type of kid and I know a lot of people say that this one.
Martin’s iPhone: He has access to guns and his dad's house at his Grandpa's house and
Martin’s iPhone: He doesn't touch them unless unless he has permission if somebody comes blasting through the store, and it has the intent to rob us, they might kill them to get away with them.
Martin’s iPhone: And
Martin’s iPhone: Give them this the means to protect them. So
Martin’s iPhone: Then I feel like it would be on me.
Martin’s iPhone: Is a hard one. I mean,
Martin’s iPhone: You can go with it.
Martin’s iPhone: It will do in the face.
Magalie Marcellus: Why, why
Magalie Marcellus: Right. And this is and I hear, I hear you know use get any with what you sayin you have every right to be scared, but it's just I don't like said it's hard to just have
Magalie Marcellus: To me. What am I supposed to have a minor to ever have that thought that. Okay, I may have to defend myself because things are going up.
Martin’s iPhone: The only thing that we told him.
Martin’s iPhone: Was I said brace the shotgun is over by my bed. There's nothing in the chamber and the safety zone.
Martin’s iPhone: If you ever have any problems. I just want to let you know that it's there. And that's the only any said, Okay, I said, Have you shot a 20 gauge before he says yes so shocked playing games. He went through the list of guns at him and his dad, go to the firing range and all this other stuff.
Martin’s iPhone: He's been doing it for years. He, he would know how to no matter what if I kept it unlocked and no boats do
Magalie Marcellus: Not have
Magalie Marcellus: Access to it and his mom is okay with that as well. Yeah.
Martin’s iPhone: But we don't ever want him to have to do that.
Martin’s iPhone: We have, we are going to all go to the firing range together.
Martin’s iPhone: I want to make sure that I see what he knows how to do and what he claims, you know, so do
Magalie Marcellus: You have any other security measures measures in place and
Martin’s iPhone: We're getting a camera system we have
Martin’s iPhone: We have a deer cam that sends a signal to my phone, but we hooked up because
Martin’s iPhone: All it only send still pictures and there's really just been wasting battery like lots of batteries for it.
Martin’s iPhone: So we're getting home camera system like a ring or something you
Martin’s iPhone: Know, but
Martin’s iPhone: A Nestor.
Martin’s iPhone: Night vision cameras, whatever.
Magalie Marcellus: Dispatcher whatever you can do. I think
Magalie Marcellus: The term people
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah yeah
Martin’s iPhone: No problem is that
Martin’s iPhone: There's just so many bad people in this area right now. As soon as Bryce graduates. He's going into the Navy.
He's very tall.
Martin’s iPhone: He's really settled. So he's called naked recruiter, and they're going to go ahead and set up for tomorrow.
Martin’s iPhone: Uh huh. Right. A at the school.
Magalie Marcellus: I saw some
Martin’s iPhone: Going to graduate next year. Should we got one more year and then after that we're going forward.
Magalie Marcellus: Amen. All right.
Martin’s iPhone: I know they're
Martin’s iPhone: Bad people everywhere, but
Martin’s iPhone: To find an area that
Magalie Marcellus: I agree.
Magalie Marcellus: Why, then, right, that that's where you'll be let
Magalie Marcellus: less concerned about
Martin’s iPhone: Yeah, and less people know about
Magalie Marcellus: Safety and things right and started
Martin’s iPhone: As a real bad.
Martin’s iPhone: I knew a lot of people and mess with a lot of bad people throughout the years and they know that I'm a really nice guy. And they know that I'm easygoing, they would, they wouldn't expect me to be protecting my my house and already happened once. So now I have to put my garden.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, again, hopefully, you know, that doesn't come to a point where you do have to use those kind of measures, sorry.
Martin’s iPhone: I don't even want to catch the gun.
Martin’s iPhone: I mean, you
Martin’s iPhone: Never use it for is to go hunting really
Martin’s iPhone: Michelle was good target practice and everything. And I believe that's a good idea. So we all get familiar with it and
Martin’s iPhone: Uh huh. I, that way I know nobody's going to shoot their, their foot off or something.
Martin’s iPhone: Mm hmm. So that's our next step is to go to the firing range and to get some pointers from professionals and things like that.
Martin’s iPhone: But as far as it's just got to this point where I have to defend myself.
Martin’s iPhone: You know, with a physical weapon.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, yes, you know,
Martin’s iPhone: Yes, I got shot and then me when I was 16
Martin’s iPhone: Because me and my buddy.
Martin’s iPhone: We went into an abandoned cabin, and there was a rifle there and my buddy went to pull it up from underneath to see the truck that we read, and it went off and shot me in the knee.
Magalie Marcellus: So I mentioned. So that's the other thing way. You know, sometimes
Magalie Marcellus: It's not malicious. But I think accident happens we
Magalie Marcellus: Do all that. So yeah, so
Martin’s iPhone: Any, any time we handle the gun all all safety measures are going to be taken.
Martin’s iPhone: Every single
Martin’s iPhone: Measure right now though if I don't have it loaded in beside my bed I if somebody was to break in. I wouldn't have time to do anything.
Martin’s iPhone: And that scares me more than just saying
Martin’s iPhone: let God handle it because would be dead or injured really bad.
Magalie Marcellus: Mm hmm.
Martin’s iPhone: I don't want to let my guard down again least not right. No, no, we're done in this area, the drugs are horrible run here.
Martin’s iPhone: I mean,
Martin’s iPhone: Horrible. There are people getting murdered just for the drugs and for the money.
Martin’s iPhone: I forgot to charge
Magalie Marcellus: My best. Okay, we're back to, and because I
Magalie Marcellus: Do have another appointment that should be coming in late not okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So tomorrow.
Martin’s iPhone: Hopefully there is a solid
Martin’s iPhone: You
Want you to be
Magalie Marcellus: That's okay. Yeah. Um, but I'll put it up with you. I think I should be around. But if there's an issue. I'll let you know. But it is going to be the following two weeks upstream or feedback.
Magalie Marcellus: Mine. Yeah. So besides that, just keep up. What you're doing so.
Magalie Marcellus: Today's for it. Okay. The 18 that should be okay at seven o'clock.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, I'll send you the reminder. Again, but it will be the Wednesday as well. That's forever.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Roots all the best with the
Magalie Marcellus: Sleep study. Hopefully there's some can give you some
Magalie Marcellus: Results to help you manage. You know what's going on with the channels as well so
Martin’s iPhone: Appreciate it.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, all the best and stay safe and keep working on your recovery. Okay.
Martin’s iPhone: Thank you.
Magalie Marcellus: And you have my day.
Martin’s iPhone: To
Magalie Marcellus: My class. Thank you. Have a good one.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, you turn away right